Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, before we continue, we are going to need to do some configurations in order for us to be able
to use images.
Okay.
Now we're going to create a new folder and we're going to create this new folder in this e-commerce
app directory.
Okay.
Now, to be able to easily create a folder there.
What we can do is we can navigate to this box back to the Yavapai.
Okay.
The regular click on this new for the regular first create before the code asset.
Then we're going to create another folder in this asset directory and I'm going to call this folder.
Images.
Okay.
Now what we can do?
We can add some images.
We're going to be needed throughout.
Okay, now I'm going to go to my files.
Okay.
This is over here.
I'm using the copy.
This copy.
Copy this as well.
Then copy this.
This and this.
Okay, copy.
The images are going to be available for you as well.
Okay.
Now we're going to go to our project, which is to get the text up.
I think that we call that ecommerce app.
Okay.
Because the access.
For the rights.
Okay.
We can click on this then images.
Okay, then we're just going to paste this.
Okay.
Right now.
What we also do is we can just cause this from our courts.
And although this US says we are going to create what is US's territory, right?
We're going to create a new folder and they're going to call this for the icons.
Right.
Okay.
Then we can do this here.
Okay, great.
Like the freighter or the switch.
Okay.
Now what you're going to need to do that is you're going to go back to a vicious cycle.
Then the prospect of the yellow fly, which is this.
Right.
First of all, Japanese culture and beats and make this white.
Okay.
Now, what we can then do is we're just going to commence this.
Now, the next thing to do is the the location of that.
I suggested to him that we just had that right.
So we're going to get rid of this first.
Okay.
Now that images are in a folder called.
Assets.
Okay, then this.
Right.
Okay.
So by doing this floater is going to have access to all the images within the images further.
Now, all we just have to do this is to copy this.
And then there's this.
So there's going to be icons.
All right, icons, we can just give you a backslash that the backlash as well.
Okay then use true and s to save this.
Fine.
You got to get this.
We just had it.
So if I do this, what is going to know the location of all our images and all our icons?
Images for the now we just have the filter icon and the search icon.
Okay.
So you're just going to wait for us to finish that in this picture?
We are definitely going to continue from here.
Right.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.